This package implements the "fix plumed" command, which can be used
in a LAMMPS input script.

The fix allows enhanced sampling methods such as umbrella sampling and 
metadynamics to be used.  Furthermore, PLUMED can be used to perform a 
wide range of analyses on trajectories on the fly as they are generated.

The package uses the "PLUMED" library, whose source code is not included
in the LAMMPS source code distribution. The files in the USER-PLUMED package 
folder implement an interface between LAMMPS and PLUMED, that are written 
and maintained by Gareth Tribello (gareth.tribello@gmail.com).

PLUMED must instead be downloaded and compiled separately to LAMMPS.  This building 
and compiling of PLUEMD can be done before or after the building of LAMMPS as LAMMPS 
calls PLUMED as a dynamic library.  If you wish to use PLUMED with LAMMPS, however, 
you must run the command:

make yes-user-plumed

before compiling LAMMPS.  Furthermore, you must ensure that PLUMED is in your 
PATH when running a LAMMPS calculation that takes advantage of PLUMED.  If 
PLUMED is not in the PATH an error will be returned whenever LAMMPS encounters 
the fix plumed command in its input.  To be clear, however, LAMMPS will run if 
it is compiled with fix-plumed enabled on inputs that do not contain a fix 
plumed command when PLUMED is not in the PATH.

More info about the PLUMED library can be found at:

www.plumed.org

and in the reference articles:

PLUMED2: New feathers for an old bird
G.A. Tribello, M. Bonomi, D. Branduardi, C. Camilloni and G. Bussi,
Comp. Phys. Comm 185, 604 (2014)
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cpc.2013.09.018

PLUMED: a portable plugin for free energy calculations with molecular dynamics
M. Bonomi, D. Branduardi, G. Bussi, C. Camilloni, D. Provasi, P. Raiteri, D. Donadio, F. Marinelli, F. Pietrucci, R.A. Broglia and M. Parrinello
Comp. Phys. Comm. 180, 1961 (2009)
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cpc.2009.05.011

Instructions explaining how to use PLUMED and LAMMPS in tandem can be found on the PLUMED website, which also gives 
numerous example scripts for PLUMED as well as citations to articles that dcoment the various methods that are 
implemented within PLUMED.

There are also example scripts for using this package in the folder
examples/USER/colvars, as well as on the GitHub page for PLUMED.

Please contact Gareth Tribello (gareth.tribello@gmail.com) for questions
regarding this package.

---------------------------------

Version: 2016-12-22
