POEMS (Parallelizable Open source Efficient Multibody Software) library

Rudranarayan Mukherjee, RPI
mukher at rpi.edu
June 2006

This is version 1.0 of the POEMS library, general purpose distributed
multibody dynamics software, which is able to simulate the dynamics of
articulated body systems.

POEMS is supported by the funding agencies listed in the Grants' List.
POEMS is an open source program distributed under the Rensselaer
Scorec License.

The Authors as listed in Authors' List reserve the right to reject the
request on technical supports of the POEMS freely obtained.

We are open to hear from you about bugs, an idea for improvement, and
suggestions, etc. We keep improving the POEMS. Check the POEMS web
site (www.rpi.edu/~anderk5/POEMS) for the recent changes.

All correspondence regarding the POEMS should be sent to:

By email: (preferred)
Prof. Kurt Anderson (anderk5@rpi.edu) or
Rudranarayan Mukherjee (mukher@rpi.edu) - include "[POEMS]" in the subject

or by mail:
Prof. Kurt S. Anderson
4006 Jonsson Engineering Center
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
110 8th Street,
Troy, NY 12180-3510, U.S.A.

-------------------------------------------------

This directory has source files to build a library that LAMMPS
links against when using the POEMA package.

This library must be built with a C++ compiler, before LAMMPS is
built, so LAMMPS can link against it.

You can type "make lib-poems" from the src directory to see help on
how to build this library via make commands, or you can do the same
thing by typing "python Install.py" from within this directory, or you
can do it manually by following the instructions below.

Build the library using one of the provided Makefile.* files or create
your own, specific to your compiler and system.  For example:

make -f Makefile.g++

When you are done building this library, two files should
exist in this directory:

libpoems.a              the library LAMMPS will link against
Makefile.lammps         settings the LAMMPS Makefile will import

Makefile.lammps is created by the make command, by copying one of the
Makefile.lammps.* files.  See the EXTRAMAKE setting at the top of the
Makefile.* files.

Makefile.lammps has settings for 3 variables:

user-poems_SYSINC = leave blank for this package
user-poems_SYSLIB = leave blank for this package
user-poems_SYSPATH = leave blank for this package

Because this library does not currently need the additional settings
the settings in Makefile.lammps.empty should work.
