AWPMD (Antisymmetrized Wave Packet Molecular Dynamics) library

Ilya Valuev, Igor Morozov, JIHT RAS
valuev at physik.hu-berlin.de
June 2011

This is version 0.9 of the AWPMD library taken from JIHT GridMD project.
It contains interface to calculate electronic and electron-ion Hamiltonian, 
norm matrix and forces for AWPMD method.

AWPMD is an open source program distributed under the terms
of wxWidgets Library License (see license directory for details).

-------------------------------------------------

This directory has source files to build a library that LAMMPS
links against when using the USER-AWPMD package.

This library must be built with a C++ compiler, before LAMMPS is
built, so LAMMPS can link against it.

Build the library using one of the provided Makefile.* files or create
your own, specific to your compiler and system.  For example:

make -f Makefile.g++

Note that this library makes MPI calls, so you must build it with the
same MPI library that is used to build LAMMPS, i.e. as specified by
settings in the lammps/src/MAKE/Makefile.machine file you are using.

When you are done building this library, two files should
exist in this directory:

libawpmd.a		the library LAMMPS will link against
Makefile.lammps		settings the LAMMPS Makefile will import

Makefile.lammps is created by the make command, by copying one of the
Makefile.lammps.* files.  See the EXTRAMAKE setting at the top of the
Makefile.* files.

IMPORTANT: You must examine the final Makefile.lammps to insure it is
correct for your system, else the LAMMPS build will likely fail.

Makefile.lammps has settings for 3 variables:

user-awpmd_SYSINC = leave blank for this package
user-awpmd_SYSLIB = BLAS and LAPACK libraries needed by this package
user-awpmd_SYSPATH = path(s) to where those libraries are

You have several choices for these settings:

If the 2 libraries are already installed on your system, the settings
in Makefile.lammps.installed should work.

If they are not, you can install them yourself, and speficy the
appropriate settings accordingly.

If you want to use the minimalist version of these libraries provided
with LAMMPS in lib/linalg, then the settings in Makefile.lammps.linalg
should work.  Note that in this case you also need to build the
linear-algebra in lib/linalg; see the lib/linalg/README for more
details.
