This directory and its sub-directories contain machine Makefiles for
LAMMPS.  The use of machine Makefiles and their settings are discussed
in Section 2 of the manual.

If you are new to LAMMPS, try one of the files in this directory
first.

Then you can try files in the sub-directories with more options you
may need, or that are specific to a machine you are running on.

If none of the existing files work, you can edit a file in either
directory to create your own customized Makefile.machine.  Put it in
the USER directory if you want to avoid conflicts with the Makefiles
distributed with LAMMPS.

-----------------------------------

This directory has two generic Makefiles which should work as-is on
many platforms.

Makefile.mpi      assumes MPI is installed on your machine
Makefile.serial   build without MPI for serial execution (single core)

Makefile.mpi builds with the mpicxx wrapper provided with all MPI
installations.  It uses a default compiler (the one MPI was built
with) and should work with whatever version of MPI is installed
(OpenMPI, MPICH, vendor, etc).

Makefile.serial builds without MPI, using the GNU g++ compiler.  It
uses the dummy MPI library in src/STUBS, which you can pre-build via
"make stubs" in the src dir.  See Makefile.serial_icc in the OPTIONS
dir for the same thing using the Intel icc compiler instead of g++.

-----------------------------------

The OPTIONS directory has several Makefiles that extend either
Makefile.mpi or Makefile.serial to enable use of different compilers,
different MPIs, or several package and command options that LAMMPS
supports.




Makefile.serial_icc = build without MPI for serial execution (single core)

The fftw, jpg, and png Makefiles are the same as Makefile.mpi
except they each add settings for commonly used options (FFTW, JPG, PNG)
to illustrate how they can be added to any Makefile.


What about OPTIONS and MACHINES and CUSTOM/USER



Makefile.fftw = add FFTW support to Makefile.mpi for long-range Coulombics
Makefile.jpg = add JPG support to Makefile.mpi for dump image command
Makefile.png = add PNG support to Makefile.mpi for dump image command

Makefile.intel
Makefile.intel_offload
Makefile.kokkos_omp
Makefile.kokkos_cuda
Makefile.kokkos_phi


------------------------------------

The MACHINE sub-directory has many Makefiles, each of which has been
setup for a specific kind of machine or a specific supercomputer.

Examples include

Makefile.mac        Macintosh
Makefile.xe6        Cray XE6
Makefile.bgp        IBM BG/Q
Makefile.stampede   U Texas "stampede" machine
